Add warning about using CLI tool with APC(u) cache (#7493)
doctrine/doctrine2: docs/en/reference/caching.rst

convenience we offer command line tasks to help you with
clearing the query, result and metadata cache.

> **NOTE: It is not possible to use these commands when APC(u)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**NOTE: It is not possible to use these commands when APCu
```
APCu is now the default, APC has been deprecated for a long time.

Author: The problem applies to both, even if APC is deprecated.

Reviewer: Oh right, didn't notice we still have docs about APC, my bad.

> **NOTE: It is not possible to use these commands when APC(u)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. note::

    Because APCu caches are stored in a memory segment owned by a php
    process and not shared with other php processes, it is not possible
    to clear the APCu cache of the webserver from the CLI context. The
    following commands will not work as intended and will clear a
    separate APCu cache that is owned by the PHP CLI process, provided
    ``apcu.enable_cli`` is set to 1, `which it probably should not
    <https://php.net/manual/en/apcu.configuration.php#ini.apcu.enable-cli>`_.
```
